# ProjectDatabase24
This program starts by taking the user input for database, userName and password. These credentials entries are used as the credentials for the JConnector to connect to the SQL database.
So this program can connect to whatever database you want within the connected host. Once connected to SQL, it then asks for a table name. Once the user enters their desired table name, the program will check to see if a table with this name (not case-sensitive) exists in the chosen database. If the table does not exist, the program will ask if the user wants to create a table of the entered name. If yes, the program will create a table of specified parameters (which is great if this database is specific for records in this format) with the user specified name. If no, the program will close out. Once created, the program gives a prompt in a loop to see what you would like to do with your table. If the table entered already existed in the database, the program would jump straight to this step. 

At this point, you have the option to describe your current table, insert values from a file into your table, show all values in your table, drop all values from your table, open the GUI, or close out of the program. If you choose describe, insert values, show values, or drop values, once you have finished with that query, you will be returned to this prompt. Opening the GUI will open the search frame where the values are output in a table. The search can be filtered by mpg and/or horsepower using sliders. The intervals of the tick marks and the maximum value of the sliders update based on the values entered into the table, so as technology progresses and the values for mpg and horsepower rise, the program will update the sliders itself as these new values are entered into the table. The search is initiated using a 'search' button and the values can be cleared from the table using a 'clear' button. I am having to press the buttons twice in order for the action to be initiated. I have not figured this out, yet.

This program allows the user some flexibility and efficiency with adding and dropping tables and values. It's not the prettiest interface, but the GUI offers an easy to use search interface that can narrow down your search using 1 or both filters.
